I am working at **JuliaLanguage** on the **Julia Summer of Code'20** project as well as I am a **MLH fellow**. I have successfully interned as a data science intern at **PredictivEye Inc**. where I am working on enhancing Ad campaigns using Google Analytics and Google Adwords data. I successfully interned at **VaridusSG**, a venture capital where I am an Analyst, Data Science. My task is to create startup growth datasets, acquire mergers and acquisitions data and ipo data and check if we can predict if the startup will improve on its valuations or not and what precautions it should take to increase its valuations. I did my second year internship at **Rourkela Steel plant** where I developed a model using single directional LSTMs to predict stock price in one month and *achieved 72.6% accuracy*.
I have undertaken courses such as Machine learning, Deep learning, Reinforcement learning and have done several projects related to encoder-decoder models, style transfer and other small machine-learning and deep-learning projects such as Twitter sentiment analysis and MNIST Autoencoder and digit_recognizer .
Apart from that I like working on open-source projects mostly those are hosted on GitHub. I wrote a bash autocomplete script for iterative/DVC and documented it. I worked at SymPy and Haiku during my second year summer and contributed to their codebases. Now, I am a **Google Code-In mentor at JuliaLanguage** and helping students of age 13-18 get introduced to open-source software development. I am now exploring and contributing to FluxML/Flux.jl at GitHub. I am **Chapter Chair at ACM, Bhubaneswar.**
